Add TEP for Tekton Component Versioning (#1)
vinamra28/community: teps/0041-info-crd.md

In case we fetch version from controller deployment we need:-

- Namespace in which tekton component is installed
- Permissions to view deployment/pod in installed namespace

In case fetching version from CRD we need:-

- Permissions to view CRD on cluster

These permissions may not be provided to all the users and finding
a version is little difficult in some cases. As Tekton Hub CLI won't be
able to find the component version for all users, it is difficult to
provide the benefits of some `tkn hub` commands like install, upgrade
and downgrade which can work efficiently.

### Goals

1. All the users having access to the cluster should be able to view the version
   of Tekton component installed using Tekton CLI.
2. Tekton Hub CLI should be able to install/upgrade resources from catalog on the
   basis of Tekton component installed.

### Non-Goals

How to handle versioning of components which were released prior to this
TEP will not be covered. For this case more discussion is needed.

### Use Cases (optional)

1. Tekton Hub CLI will provide an install command like `tkn hub install task buildah`.
2. Tekton Hub CLI will provide an update command like `tkn hub upgrade task buildah`.

> 3. Tekton Hub CLI will provide an check-updates command to list all tasks whose newer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Tekton Hub CLI will provide an `check-updates` command to list all tasks whose newer
```

documentation such as release notes or a development roadmap.  It should be
possible to collect this information before implementation begins in order to
avoid requiring implementors to split their attention between writing release
notes and implementing the feature itself.

A good summary is probably at least a paragraph in length.

Both in this section and below, follow the guidelines of the [documentation
style guide]. In particular, wrap lines to a reasonable length, to make it
easier for reviewers to cite specific portions, and to minimize diff churn on
updates.

[documentation style guide]: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/guide/style-guide.md
-->

## Motivation

Finding version of the tekton components installed is not an easy
thing for all users as few permissions are needed.

In case we fetch version from controller deployment we need:-

  - Namespace in which tekton component is installed
  - Permissions to view deployment/pod in installed namespace

In case fetching version from CRD we need:-

  - Permissions to view CRD on cluster

These permissions may not be provided to all the users and finding

> a version is little difficult in some cases. As Tkn Hub CLI won't be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a version is little difficult in some cases. As tkn hub CLI won't be
```

provide the benefits of some `tkn hub` commands like install, upgrade
and downgrade which can work efficiently.

<!--
This section is for explicitly listing the motivation, goals and non-goals of
this TEP.  Describe why the change is important and the benefits to users.  The
motivation section can optionally provide links to [experience reports][] to
demonstrate the interest in a TEP within the wider Tekton community.

[experience reports]: https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/ExperienceReports
-->

### Goals

1. All the users having access to the cluster should be able to view the version
of Tekton component installed using Tekton CLI.
2. Tekton Hub CLI should be able to install/upgrade resources from catalog on the
basis of Tekton component installed.
<!--
List the specific goals of the TEP.  What is it trying to achieve?  How will we
know that this has succeeded?
-->

### Non-Goals

How to handle versioning of components which were released prior to this
TEP will not be covered. For this case more discussion is needed.
<!--
What is out of scope for this TEP?  Listing non-goals helps to focus discussion
and make progress.
-->

### Use Cases (optional)

> 1. Tkn Hub CLI will provide an install command like tkn hub install task buildah.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. tkn hub CLI will provide an install command like `tkn hub install task buildah`.
```

> 2. Tkn Hub CLI will provide an update command like tkn hub upgrade task buildah.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. tkn hub CLI will provide an update command like `tkn hub upgrade task buildah`.
```

> 3. Tkn Hub CLI will provide an check-updates command to list all tasks whose newer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. tkn hub CLI will provide an `check-updates` command to list all tasks whose newer
```

version is available.

We want to perform above operations using `tkn hub` CLI based on the version
of Tekton Pipelines installed on the cluster and `pipelines.minVersion`
annotation available in catalog like [this](https://github.com/tektoncd/catalog/blob/master/task/buildah/0.2/buildah.yaml#L9).
This feature can later be extended for the other Tekton components such
as Triggers, Dashboard etc.

<!--
Describe the concrete improvement specific groups of users will see if the
Motivations in this doc result in a fix or feature.

Consider both the user's role (are they a Task author? Catalog Task user?
Cluster Admin? etc...) and experience (what workflows or actions are enhanced
if this problem is solved?).
-->

## Requirements

1. CRD or a ConfigMap which contains the Tekton Pipelines
version information.

> 2. Role access to read the version info for the Tekton resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Access to read the version info for the Tekton resource.
```

3. RoleBinding which will bind the Role access to all the `system:authenticated`
users who are having access to the cluster.
<!--
Describe constraints on the solution that must be met. Examples might include
performance characteristics that must be met, specific edge cases that must
be handled, or user scenarios that will be affected and must be accomodated.
-->

## Proposal

Currently we get the version of Tekton components from the controller
deployment labels. With this proposal I want to propose adding a separate

> resource to which we can give a special access binding which can be accessed
> by anyone who has access to the cluster. The two possible solutions are:-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource to which we can give a special access binding which can be accessed by 
any user having access to the cluster. The two possible solutions are:-
```
